all right welcome back an essence sir
and now it's time for tips and tricks
episode 2 and if you haven't watched the
first episode I suggest you to go check
that out and that's on the map Town
Square and now it's time for the map
portal I don't know the map hotel you
can either be a snow block a coal block
a beacon a wooden plank or a redstone
lamp ok so that's all the blocks newbie
and I'll start with the snow block
alright so if I think a man now for the
snow block so for the snow back there's
multi plenty of space places so if
you're like in the 2nd 2nd floor you
couldn't run up there and this is a
really good spot that's not its best if
you're a cold block but it's good if
you're a snow block - and if you want
you can jump one jump and you will
become the block above there
so yeah that's better I think that's
better for the snow block and and if you
run down here it's probably the best
places you can hide either air and you
can in those plots places they're really
good and you can also I like all around
this place is really good because not
many people check it and behind here
that's no one will almost find never
find you there because no one checks
behind there so it's it's really good
alright so this part is also really good
if you hide here this is right above
spawn this is also a really good spot
like here at the end of this sofa and
here here on this on this side Institute
and I die so I'll see you back ok so
that was just an old block and now it's
time for the coal block
all right so now for the cold lock in
the cold pack has some really good
hiding spots I'm just gonna show you the
first one this is where I wear with snow
lock here this is a really good hiding
spot because like it will blend in but
some people might know about it so it's
not fully good and you can hide in those
spots there and as I shown in the snow
block behind the lease in that aisle
outer room there and believe it or not
wait
what he was like here is actually a
really good spot I people don't check
that spot for some reason like I I've
I've been hitting there plenty of times
when I've been the coal block and they
spot like it's straight down from spawn
and here is actually really good just
because it's so dark
my people won't see your black way
because it's because coal block is
really dark I was unlucky to die bad so
it's one more spot and that's on top
there I know this is just wool but if
you're gonna talk to it with a coal
block it will look really good so that
is also a really good spot alright now
it's time for the third block which is
the beacon alright so we're back in game
and for the beacon it's really good to
hide here like mainly on the corners
like here is good and you can also hide
here and for a way really really really
a good spot yes like you go on second
floor and jump down and I was done like
at this time but sometimes that being
black isn't there already so then it's
really good to hide in that corner and
you can also out here in the corner here
and also our eye on the sound and you
can also hide on this place there since
it's like it looks it looks real and on
top of that yeah it's a four block trap
so here this is it's actually a really
good spot
it's also good to hear is still in
second it's in second floor and you hide
here so this will also it look really
good and when you're here this sometimes
it will only be one block there then you
can jump on top of that block into him
on top of that so that is also good or
you can just stay there okay so that was
the beacon and I was time for what I
find the worst block to be in this map
the wooden plank yes it doesn't blend in
as you can see it's another type foot so
yeah okay that was really really short
up but what to do like nothing when you
get wooden plank or I haven't actually
found any good spots for the wooden play
and I was time for the last block which
is redstone lamp alright so we're back
in game now and for the Redstone lab the
resting lamp it is it isn't like many
hiding spots for a redstone lamp but
there is a few wounds and I just need a
thing like you can hide there in the
corner here it's a really good one and
get my attention away from him I felt
like and I used to stand here in the
middle it's possible we'll just try once
more
no but yeah in the middle there that's
that's that's good in like four beacons
for the beacon and redstone lamp and
this one is actually believe it or not
really good you just like jump on that
from spawn and I just failed let's try
once more here this spot is actually
really good and here those two are both
feel good and finally I guess I got into
listened like to higher and this this
fatty spot is both really this is a
really good height here and here that
one is a bit too obvious but those here
and here are really good alright that
was there for this episode hope you
learned something and hopefully Yulin
you enjoyed this video and if so
remember to give this video like and
feel free to comment down in the comment
section below and I will hopefully be
doing the third
of tips and tricks which will which will
be in the map villa so stay tuned for
that I have a hopeful be doing soon
because I'm soon going on a vacation for
one week so I won't be able to upload
any videos then and yeah feel free to
subscribe if you want to I post daily
minecraft videos of me playing different
game modes so hey guys thanks for
watching and I'll see you guys later bye